Let's write out some tests around this listener we just made.
So inside of my events directory, I'll find the listeners folder.
I'll make a new directory inside there of underscore.
Underscore.
Test.
Underscore, underscore.
Then inside that folder, I'll make a new file of order, created listener tests and you can see the
entire file name right there at the top of my screen.
So inside this test file, we're going to go through just about the identical series of steps to how
we tested our other two listeners back inside the Order Service.
So we're going to once again read a setup function inside there.
We're going to create an instance of our listener will do a fake data object, a fake message object,
and then return all that stuff.
In this case, we are also operating on presumably some existing ticket.
So we might also need to create a ticket and save it to our collection inside the setup function as
well.
So let's first define the set of function.
And it will add in imports along the way.
So inside of here, the first thing we have to do is create an instance of the listener.
That means we need to import the listener at the top along with the Nats wrapper class or the Nats wrapper
singleton.
So at the very top, let's get our order created.
Listener.
From up one directory order create a listener.
I will also get my Nats wrapper from up three directories.
That's where in the last video I said three directories.
Nats wrapper.
Well, then make my listener.
As a new order.
Created listener.
And Parson, that's rapper client.
After that, we're going to create and save a ticket.
So this is going to be the ticket that we are trying to reserve in order to create and save a ticket,
we need the ticket model once again.
So at the top we will import ticket rum up three directories.
Models ticket.
Well, then make a ticket using tickets built.
Whenever we create a ticket, we have to to provide a title, a price and a user ID.
As usual, I'll just throw in a title of concert.
A price of 99 and a user ID of.
Whatever doesn't really matter because again, we're not going to really use this user ID so we could
randomly generate one using the Mongoose library or that object ID constructor.
Or alternatively, we could just throw in some arbitrary value.
Well, then save this with and await ticket.
Save.
After that, we need to create the fake data event or the fake data object.
So this is going to be a data object that's going to satisfy the data property of our order created
interface or the order created event interface to help us put this data object together.
We're going to import that interface at the top of the file once again from our common module.
So at the very top.
We will get our order created events.
From our common module.
And then we can use that thing to help us build out this fake data object.
So we'll say data is going to be of type order created event at data.
And again, since this is going to be a really big object, a lot of different properties here, we
can use TypeScript to just help us along the way and remember what properties this thing requires.
So in total we've got, well, everything you see listed here.
Just to help myself out, I'm going to copy as much as I can out of this little note right here.
And then paste it in.
I am going to have to change a lot of stuff inside of here.
I'm really just copying it so I can easily reference all these different properties we have to define.
And finally on the ticket as well, I missed one line in there.
In addition to the ticket ID, we also have to reflect the ticket price.
So these are all the properties we have to define.
So we're now going to go through replace all the types and the semicolons with an actual value in a
comma.
So first off, for ID right here, we can once again either generate a random ID using mongoose or put
in a fake ID.
In this case, let's actually generate a ID with mongoose because this ID actually does have a pretty
good amount of meaning to us.
And it'd be nice to use some realistic looking data though, to generate a fake ID at the top.
Let's import Mongoose.
From Mongoose.
And then to generate the ID mongoose types object id to hex string.
Next up, our version.
So this thing presumably was just created.
The order, I mean, so we should probably say that this starts off with a version number of zero.
Next up, our status.
Whenever an order first gets created, it's going to have an order status equal to I believe it was
created.
I want to say that was our order status.
Either way, remember, we define all of our possible order statuses inside of an enum, inside of our
common module.
So let's import that enum at the very top and we can use that to assign actual value to this thing.
So from our common module, I'll get my order status.
And then for status right here we will replace that with order status dot.
And it was created.
That was the name of it.
Then our user ID again doesn't really matter.
I'll just put in a fake string here expires that this is our timestamp of when the thing expires not
using the time stamp whatsoever here put in a fake value.
And now on to something actually matters, the ticket itself.
Well, the idea the ticket that we're trying to reserve is going to be the ticket or the idea the ticket
that we just built and saved on the step before.
So for the idea of this ticket, we will say ticket ID and then its price will be equal to this things
price as well.
So ticket price.
All right, well, there's our fake data object.
Next up, our fake message object.
We've gone through this several times so we can put it together rather easily.
We're going to say that we're going to have a message object that is of type message.
It's going to have an act function, which is actually going to be a just mock function.
Now we've got an error here because we have not imported the message type from the node streaming library.
Let's do that at the top right away.
Node Nat streaming.
Once you've got that input, TypeScript will say, Fantastic, this thing is defined.
But you did not define the message object correctly.
So again, we'll say touch script.
Just don't sweat it.
We're kind of cheating here.
All right.
That is it for the setup.
So now we're going to take all the stuff we just created and return it so we can actually use all this
stuff inside of our different tests.
So we're going to return in total listener ticket data and message.
It's a return listener ticket data message, and that's it.
So now we can start to write out our test.
But first, this is a long video, so let's take a pause right here and continue in just a moment.